Introduction
============

The term “cyber” is difficult for many to define. Some would say that it means
the internet; others would default to cybersecurity or hacking as the meaning of
“cyber”. We like to use the definition of cyber that defines it as the people,
processed and technology. Through this lens, it is clear to see that cyber
touches everyone’s lives, often on a daily basis. Cyber is a critical domain;
cyber education is imperative to ensure our youth can navigate the world we live
in. Furthermore, careers across numerous sectors require skills from the cyber
domain. Equipping students in these skills is essential to their ability to
succeed.

In K12 education, computer science is an existing offering but this does not
fully encompass all the components of cyber. When we consider the need to
incorporate cyber into K12 education as a challenge with *MANY* solutions. Some
schools offer a CTAE pathway in cybersecurity, or another information technology
based area. Schools that cannot support, or does not have interest in using a
CTAE pathway, can still offer cyber education.

By providing resources to a broad range of educators, we can provide students
with critical knowledge skills and abilities in cyber regardless of their
participating in a Computer Science course, or a CTAE pathway.

## Cyber/Computer Science/Technology Teacher Resources

*For schools offering a CTAE pathway of other technically driven course:

[Visit and Contribute](../CyberCentral)

[See the Calendar for Collaboration events](../CyberCentral/Calendar)

# Cyber in Education

Through incorporating concepts and skills that are applicable to cyber
throughout core curriculum topics, a school can enhance their existing
curriculum while further improving the education and preparation of their
students. We believe this innovative method can be implemented in any school
that is willing. Incorporating cyber concepts and skills into core curriculum
requires passion and motivation but with resources, guides, and suggested
project based learning assignments, teachers should be able to work towards
incorporating cyber into their programs organically.

What are Cyber Skills?
======================

The skills needed within the realm of “cyber” can be broken down into the
following broad categories:

-   *Operating Systems*

-   *Networking*

-   *Computer Programming*

-   *Security Fundamentals*

-   *Technology in Society*


google_analytics: [Placeholder for Google Analytics tracking ID]
